Research and Data Pack Update (#588)
ldtteam/MinecoloniesWiki: source/items/platearmor.md

---
title: Plate Armor
layout: default
---
# Plate Armor

> 

Reviewer: Still need the infobox. Get the pics from [here](https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies/tree/version/main/src/main/resources/assets/minecolonies/textures/items) and upload 'em to the wiki

---
title: Plate Armor
layout: default
---
# Plate Armor

> {% comment %}

Reviewer: Why is the `{% comment %}` and `{% endcomment %}` here?

Author: Was originally intended to make it easier to add an image later, but I couldn't get a decent screenshot.  Just removed the section instead.

Reviewer: wait...you're using _screenshots_ to get the item pics?

> {% comment %}

Reviewer: why is this here? take a look at the clipboard page, for example. Also, why is the <br> at the end?

    <p style="text-align:center;"><img src="../../assets/images/items/platearmor.png" alt="Plate Armor"></p>
{% endcomment %}
</div>
<br>

> Plate Armor can be crafted by the [Blacksmith](../../source/workers/blacksmith), after their [workshop](../../source/buildings/blacksmith) has reached level 4, and the Plate Armor research has been completed at the [University](../../source/buildings/university).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plate Armor is crafted by the [Blacksmith](../../source/workers/blacksmith) after their [workshop](../../source/buildings/blacksmith) has reached level 4 and the Plate Armor [research](../../source/systems/research) has been completed at the [University](../../source/buildings/university).
```

> Plate Armor can be crafted by the [Blacksmith](../../source/workers/blacksmith), after their [workshop](../../source/buildings/blacksmith) has reached level 4, and the Plate Armor research has been completed at the [University](../../source/buildings/university).

Reviewer: Maybe do "Plate Armor is a type of armor added by MineColonies. It is moderately durable and offers excellent protection compared to conventional iron armor, but has poor enchantability. Plate Armor is crafted by the [Blacksmith](../../source/workers/blacksmith) after their [workshop](../../source/buildings/blacksmith) has reached level 4 and the Plate Armor [research](../../source/systems/research) has been completed at the [University](../../source/buildings/university)."

Plate Armor is moderately durable and offers excellent protection compared to conventional iron armor, but has poor enchantability.

## Material Costs

> | Slot       | Initial Item Requirement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Item       | Initial Crafting Requirement |
```

| ---------- | -------------------------|
| Helmet     | 4 iron ingot, 1 leather, 1 coal |
| Chestplate | 7 iron ingot, 1 leather, 3 coal |
| Legs       | 6 iron ingot, 1 leather, 4 coal |
| Boots      | 3 iron ingot, 1 leather, 1 coal |

> Like many other recipes, the Blacksmith may improve the recipe efficiency over time, reducing these costs.  They will always cost at least one iron, one leather, and one coal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like many other recipes, the Blacksmith may improve the recipe efficiency over time, reducing these costs. They will always cost at least one iron, one leather, and one coal.
```
Again :P

> | Helmet     | 4 iron ingot, 1 leather, 1 coal |

Reviewer: Iron ingot should be plural

> Like many other recipes, the Blacksmith may improve the recipe efficiency over time, reducing these costs. They will always cost at least one iron, one leather, and one coal.

Reviewer: maybe "Like most other recipes" to imply that the majority of recipes can be improved
